overall score for eg so far he carried
Game one significantly of course it was
a team effort overall would give him
hide the finding and all this could be
an all in all set low on health Wow
crapo just now six in one Morgan old he
popped their qez forced away krepo stuns
him up that's gonna be spied it away
Snoopy gets the dragon any available if
you want for something bottle mentor
will go down to put the game back to
close in oxon you do get a bit of a
fight right there Knox though gigantic
attacks being slow you see him putting
the hurt back down on a yuzu key who
dashed away but of course the maxi 10
style got the ward good damage comes to
show him pretty early here they do not
want you Zhu key to get out there's no
one around us safe this is not going to
great kick in the wall the dash to a
minion is gonna be enough no it's not
first blood PO Beltre they're all five
made it to the mid lane in time turret
goes down the reengage cast he goes down
to the whole angle the lassie very edge
of it you zucchi force to flash away one
hit from dead the summary he'll keeps
him alive now its krepo a bit over set
up with the stun the by the altec fire
the cello were coming into flank as
stuns early and in ox goes in for some
big damage qez at half now pshew forced
to jump the wall but he still gets read
enough he's going to go down to a kick
from anak the binding onto glebe again
crapo gets the kill secure for that one
qez in a bad spot trying to buy in ox
he's gonna go down as well the solo kill
makes it 50 Evil Geniuses both going
heavy damage dealers both having good
starts and oh another catch and yuzuki
goes down as well altec can't save the
team more pic that mrs. which asks a 90
I didn't get bad goin fly yella p buddy
gets over the wall in top of the chase
is on anyway altec flashes in heels bird
but the stun might be enough yellow Pete
what if em dead kill comes in for Snoopy
and here comes a double teleports leaves
are we stuck in a 1 vs 3 he is going to
go down evil genius is too far ahead the
bottom lane of cloud nine try to take
the game on their backs and they create
the pic for eg well be sheavers PO veld
sir flash over the wall pose it goes in
find some zucchini other side I have to
say it's also a good job of about her
not instantly going back to his W a lot
of people just have that reaction while
the kick in LOL red buff not enough
missing is irelia lead ooh much
unfortunately I'm surprised we haven't
seen as shyvana snoopy on the flick
those could be bad for c9c here comes
the engaged box comes down in the back
lines BSU gets exploded glebe larva goes
down as well and defense on the other
side for now to see Berenson looking
more and more damage it's gonna get
exploded there is Baron Asher summoner
heal himself actually keep himself safe
top lane inhibitor turret goes down
Cassie Sookie wants a fight they push
back snoopy they go in for in ox Macau's
took JK I didn't he gets sniped in the
back lines the safeguard back in ox in
safe after the kill but to get one back
the zigs bums or helping snoopy flashes
hexdrinker is on uzuki does not chase
that one so they call off the chase but
they lost well only one inhibitor
another sniper mo Beltre down to half
just kind of recalls gonna get violent
images will be the Barrett Evil Geniuses
now with Baron number two keepers the
bottom that bjx big damage he gets away
though ignite and efg are down there
comes the culling and big damage hook
onto a deck so he is squishy luncheon
damn it for the he'll keep them safe
it's a one for one this could be the
fight altec goes down Snoopy's the front
lines he's chasing in four verses three
it knocks the martyr goes down the rest
of the team should be able to clean up
all of these buildings they have no
minions actually they're gonna scared
off by the inhibitor turret well there's
a dash away yellow Pete's gonna take a
crow that will be the turret now 922
plus a trip plus I've got a shield there
for the team
here we go and he'll turn down to half
HP find it comes through there's the
engage from Snoopy gets locked up a
little bit to dive in from in up but
with your delete one for the Bastille
our booze gone and the fight continues
now Ken's forced to run away from this
one you Zuki now stunned up the dive in
enough to the knocker for that one it's
a 140 plus the end hip falling top and
hip also Chris turrets but the inhibitor
comes up and goes down there it is now
will they stay 17 seconds of finding
Annika's colon comes down Caswell dodge
most of that though bombs come through
all techs down to half HP there's the
engaged one more times do be big ol tu
sukhi he is going to go down crap but
we'll get away with this one actually
and it's going to because falling now 5
verses 3 the game-winning push all
tickets deleted leave la Ruiz got
nowhere to go this is the game evil
geniuses with a 321 score are back in to
the North American LCS gratulations
well deserves
there's the hugs the cheers of the fans
and smiles there's a
very much earned by these guys said
they'd win when it counts
they did that they dropped a single game
I don't know they can make that push I
think one thing for v gene was it took
them a while to get the team together
with a belter and NX first joined they
were trying to find how do we play this
what do we